Fix typos across yarn website repo (#1049)
yarnpkg/website: lang/en/docs/yarnrc.md

child-concurrency #number#
```

> Controls the number of child processes run parallelly to build node modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls the number of child processes run in parallel to build node modules.
```

?

Author: Controls the number of child processes **that** run in parallel to build node modules.

WDYT @Haroenv?

Reviewer: yes, that seems best, thanks!
